Update README with Symfony set up hint (#621)
dunglas/symfony-docker: README.md

1. If not already done, [install Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) (v2.10+)
2. Run `docker compose build --no-cache` to build fresh images

> 3. Run `docker compose up --pull always -d --wait` to set up and start a fresh Symfony project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `docker compose up --pull always -d --wait` to start the project (or create a new one if no project is found)
```

Reviewer 2: I think that this suggestion is confusing, there is a dedicated involving another process for existing apps.

Author: I think it's viable in the getting started block to say it creates a new symfomy project

Reviewer 3: As these are sufficient, it is already indicated in the description and the first lines of the README that it is an “installer and runtime”.
Otherwise, if you strictly follow the "getting started" instructions, you can see that an installation has been made.

4. Open `https://localhost` in your favorite web browser and [accept the auto-generated TLS certificate](https://stackoverflow.com/a/15076602/1352334)
5. Run `docker compose down --remove-orphans` to stop the Docker containers.

> > **_NOTE:_**  `docker compose up --pull always -d --wait` will set up a Symfony Flex application. 

Reviewer 3: Re word the step 3 instead with something like this : 
```
3. Run `docker compose up --pull always -d --wait` to setup and start a fresh Symfony project
```

Author: Yeah that makes sense. Will later when I'm back home.
